Rock. paper. scissors!
Damn it! Isagi won!
Then. staring with Isagi-kun. we'll each
say which position we want to play in.
I wanna be the forward.
The first selection will involve
the 55 of you in Building 5.
1 Hour Earlier
It's a kind of five-team round robin.
Only the top two teams progress.
The rest will leave Blue Lock.
And those who are kicked out will forever
be ineligible for the national team.
However. the top scorers from the three losing
teams will advance to the next selection.
When all the matches are over
Yellow card:
If more than one player has the most goals
in a team. we'll go by fair play points.
2 Yellows in
1 game (sent off):
Red card:
Yellow card.
then straight red:
If the points are tied. the
higher-ranked player progresses
and the player with the least
penalty points will progress.
Will you prioritize your own goals
or the team's victory?
The karma of a striker is put
to the test in this first selection.
This is a battle about
creating soccer from zero.
The first match starts in two hours.
It will be Team X versus Team Z.
Team Z
Locker Room
5 minutes
before the match
All right. everyone.
Isagi
Bachira
Imamura
Kunigami
Raichi
Gagamaru
Kuon
Naruhaya
Igaguri
Chigiri
Iemon
This is our formation for the first match.
We'll go for the win with Isagi-kun
as our focal point at center forward.
Gotcha.
Isagi's ranking is super low.
Can we win with him as our focal point?
Stop complaining. Igaguri.
I don't wanna play in defense.
All we gotta do is win. right?
No objections here.
"All we gotta do is win." huh?
Can you really play in goal?
I lost at rock paper scissors.
so I'll just have to do it.
"A battle about creating soccer from zero"?
What did he mean by that?
It's almost time.
My life-changing match at
Blue Lock is finally about to begin.
Building 5
Center Field
Here they come. Team X.
Episode 3
Soccer's "Zero"
In the first selection.
all fouls will be called by VAR.
Building 5's first match will be
a half-game lasting 45 minutes.
Team X versus Team Z. Time for kick-off.
You scared. Isagi?
Let's have fun! Otherwise.
we'll lose. That's how soccer is.
Right.
He's right. There's no need to be scared.
My rank is 274. I'm rock bottom.
I just need to play...
and climb up the ranks!
Should I pass it back
and build the attack?
Hey! What are you doing. Raichi?
The rules say the top scorer
goes through. right?
I don't care about the team.
I'm doin' this my way.
Now you're talking. Raichi.
If that's how it works here.
I'll make no bones about playing for myself.
Kunigami. I think we're
gonna get along just fine.
What're ya doing?!
Lemme in on it!
Hey! What about our positions?!
Get outta my way!
You get outta mine.
Damn it...
Y'know. your physique ain't too bad...
Lucky!
You should pay more attention.
Huh? They're fighting among themselves too?
What's going on here?
They're all only thinking
about themselves.
This is a battle about
creating soccer from zero.
Is this sorry bunched-up free-for-all what
he meant by "creating soccer from zero"?
This isn't soccer.
What do I do?
Should I... go join them?
He broke free?
Don't stand in my way.
Or I'll kill you.
Team X
BL Ranking
th
I'll stop him.
He's here. Is he going left?
A heel flick?
Crap. he got past me.
I'm sorry. Kuon! He's heading your way!
Okay! I got it! Don't sweat it. It's a two-on-one!
Two nutmegs in a row?
What the hell is he?
He's big and he's got skills!
I couldn't react...
Now hear me. suckers.
and remember my words.
For me. the ball isn't my "friend"
or any nonsense like that.
It's just a spherical servant
that exists solely so I can shine.
On the field. I am the king.
I-Is it even possible
to beat a guy like that?
Awesome!
Nice play. Barou!
King Barou!
You're the goalie. aren't you? Act like one!
But I've never done this before.
What am I meant to do?
It's only one goal. Let's calm down.
He's right. If we stick to our
positions and pass it around—
Huh? If we do that. then as the
center-forward. you'll be the one who scores.
Losers should play in defense.
All ya gotta do is pass me the ball!
Hell no! Pass it to me!
Huh?!
No. to me.
No. to me! To me!
Team Z. resume the game.
Calm down.
The match has only just begun.
I mean. what are we even being tested on?
Regardless. we have to win.
As long as that guy doesn't get the ball...
Bachira! We'll at least
pass it around between us!
Okay.
Huh? Igaguri. your position!
Are you dense. Isagi?
The top scorer on a team survives!
I'm never passing to someone else.
I'm sorry for your loss.
Hey. hold it!
Now I get what this first
Blue Lock selection is all about.
It's a battle where you only
pursue your own ability to score!
Crap!
You suck. It's mine now.
You lost the ball? I'll kill you!
Igaguri. you dumbass!
Stay back. guys! We gotta defend!
Hey. let's pass the ball
to Barou and support him.
See how the other team's
having a total meltdown?
Rather than chasing individual goals.
we just need to win as a team.
Good call. Barou!
Leave the right wing to me!
I got the left!
I'm leaving the defending to you!
This isn't good.
They're starting to get organized.
It's Barou.
We gotta mark Barou!
Who're you to tell us that. Igaguri?!
Damn. We gotta stop him.
You sure throwing so many
lousy players at me is a good idea?
It's no good.
If we leave Barou alone. he'll scythe through
our defense. but if we only mark him...
Look at all that wide-open space!
...other players are left totally free!
Save it. Iemon!
All right!
A second goal!
Thank you. King Barou!
Crap. We're gonna lose at this rate.
They're already playing as a team.
It's 'cause you lost the ball. Igaguri!
But we're not coordinated at all.
I told you guys to stop him!
Huh?!
You try saving it if you think it's so easy!
Stop fighting!
Damn it. I can't do this!
Nice goal!
They were all bunched-up too. a while back.
Yeah!
He changed all that.
Barou's goal helped them to become a team!
This is a battle about
creating soccer from zero.
If we call this bunched-up.
free-for-all soccer "zero."
then Barou's stunning play
isn't zero. it's "one."
Let's grab another goal!
A strategy to win is then
built around this "one."
Yeah!
And that's how a team is born.
Is this what he meant by
"creating soccer from zero"?
If it is. we're totally useless.
The bigger the goal deficit gets.
the more they think about themselves.
No one's in the right mindset to think
about how to get from "zero" to "one."
Meanwhile. the opponent's teamwork
keeps improving.
It's impossible.
This game is over.
We've... lost.
Man. all I've been doing is running around.
There's no way we'll score five
in the next three minutes.
But maybe you and I
can get one goal back.
Bachira...
At 5-0. the other team's guard is down.
so we might make it work this once.
You in?
I'm in.
I will turn this team's "zero" into a "one"!
I'll distract them. then hit a long ball
upfield so you can take the shot.
Run. Isagi.
Straight to the goal.
Okay. Bachira.
I'm gonna make this shot!
Huh? Isagi-kun?
A comeback might be impossible.
but if someone scores a goal. we can
build the team structure around it.
That's what it means
to go from zero to one.
Surround him!
Bachira and I can score a goal together.
To win the next match.
that's what we need to do.
Right there. Isagi.
That's the light we need to lead Team Z!
Bull's-eye.
Yes!
Nice pass. Bachira.
It's a one-on-one.
I'll score it!
Hey. Number 11.
Don't stand out more than me.
I told you I'm the king.
Try getting past me. sucker.
What's he doing here?
Did he read my plan?
What do I do? Try to get past him?
But it's this guy...
In a situation like this. a striker would...
Isagi! Behind you!
Pass it to me!
I'll shoot!
Here!
Do I pass?
No.
I gotta go for it!
If I want to live in Blue Lock...
If I want to live as a striker...
Huh?
Nice ball. Isagi.
There's no way he'll score from that range.
Eat it!
I passed... the ball...
What the hell are you doin'. Isagi?
Why'd ya pass it to Kunigami?!
I was more open than he was!
No... I was planning to shoot.
But for some reason. my body just—
You stupid? Like. seriously stupid?
Who passes when they're shaping to shoot?!
Hey. hey. hey!
Stop that. Raichi!
We scored a goal!
Huh?! Are you stupid. too?
Why should I be happy someone who
isn't me scored a goal in a 5-1 defeat?
Didn't ya listen to the rules? At the end of
the day. it's the top scorer who goes through!
But he had a chance to score and passed!
Why the hell did ya even come here? Huh?!
I don't know...
But that pass was... unintentional...
What?!
Hey. Number 11.
If you get nervous in front of goal.
you're not cut out to be a striker.
You have no talent.
Time's up.
In Blue Lock Building 5's
first match. Team X wins 5-1.
What am I doing?
Didn't I say I was going to
turn the zero into a one?
Am I...
unfit to be a striker?
Isagi
Bachira
Imamura
Kunigami
Raichi
Gagamaru
Kuon
Naruhaya
Igaguri
Chigiri
Iemon
First off. it was a mistake to
make Isagi the center forward!
In the next game.
it'll just be me up top.
No. it should be me.
We can win if I'm the center forward.
I'm never playing in
defense again. you hear?
Losers can shut up.
What? Says the loser who
Isagi didn't wanna pass to.
You wanna go?!
Do you?!
If you get nervous in front of goal.
you're not cut out to be a striker.
You have no talent.
Why did I pass?
I haven't changed at all
since I got here. Damn it.
To survive in Blue Lock.
what am I lacking as a striker?
Just pass the ball to me!
No. to me!
Give it to me!
Me. Pass to me.
That's enough. all of you!
Kuon...
Do you understand the situation we're in?
We're a team that's already lost once.
Huh?
This first selection is
a five-team round robin.
Only the top two teams progress.
Suppose all teams win two. lose two.
We'd all be on six points.
Which means. in order to advance.
we have to aim higher and get seven points.
That's the likely cut-off line
that will decide who progresses.
So in short. if you lose twice. it's a
yellow light that's about to turn to red.
We're already at the point where if we
lose the next game. we're done for.
If we don't get serious about how we're
going to win. it really will be over for us.
Then. have you got any good ideas?
Uh. well... No. not yet...
What the heck?
Then. what good is all this talk?
But still. we have to do something—
I have something.
I couldn't have scored that goal
without Bachira and Isagi.
That should show us the way.
Cut the crap. musclehead!
You just wanna be the team's top scorer!
But it was amazing.
It was the best goal of the day. for sure.
You're naked!
If we just do that a lot. we can win.
Right. Isagi? Right?
Bachira...
Oh. please! It was a fluky wonder goal.
You can't rely on that!
And c'mon. dude. stop streaking!
But seriously. I really don't get how
we can make a team out of just forwards.
I don't think everything
that guy says is right.
Chigiri.
Ego talked about how to "win" the World Cup.
throwing names like Cristiano Ronaldo.
Messi. and Cantona out there.
But none of those guys have
ever won the World Cup.
If anything. him saying "This is a battle about
creating soccer from zero" was some sort of hint.
Hey. everyone.
I don't have any strategies
that'll help us win.
but I might know what it means
to be at soccer's "zero."
Hm?
So what is it. noob? Explain it to us.
In today's game. all anyone was thinking
about at the start was scoring themselves.
and that led to a bunched-up free-for-all.
That's probably what it
means to be at "zero."
Well. that really wasn't soccer at all.
That's true.
The thing that broke through
that "zero" was Barou's goal.
It acted as a catalyst. creating a clear path
for goals. which led them to play as a team.
Barou used his talents to turn the "zero"
of chaotic bunched-up soccer into a "one."
Using that as a guiding principle.
a team can evolve into a "10" or even a "100."
So what's required is the
power to produce that "one."
Only this irresistible trait and
talent can make it possible.
A striker is someone who
turns a "zero" into a "one."
and the other positions
multiply it to "10" and "100." huh?
So did Ego add that rule about the team's top
scorer surviving to make us figure that out?
Most likely.
Because of that rule.
our egos were exposed.
and we were forced to
play by and for ourselves.
without thinking about
positions or tactics.
And our egos have to clash
before we can truly become a team.
Soccer...
A team...
They are created by
an irresistible striker.
That must be Ego's message to us.
Yes. very good. You're on the right track.
Hi there. diamonds in the rough.
The second match in
Building 5 just finished.
Team V beat Team Y. 8-0.
What? 8-0?!
Wow.
You're on the right track.
but it seems you still have no idea
how to turn zero into one.
First. let's talk about this country. Japan.
The Japanese love to have roles allocated
to them so they can just complete their tasks.
As an example. take one
of the few major sports
where Japan is on par
with the rest of the world:
Baseball.
Its inning system has distinct
periods for offense and defense.
and there's no physical
contact out in the field.
Each role is clearly defined in this sport.
and it fits the Japanese psyche like a glove.
That's why we're so strong at it.
But that's not the case in soccer.
It has an open field where offense and
defense alternate as the situation demands.
And it can be very physical.
In this sport. you can't win by simply
doing the tasks you've been given.
Which is why you need personal skills.
Individual skills.
In Japanese soccer. the positions we can be
proud of are our midfielders and full-backs.
They work like dogs for the team. They turn
the "one" created by the striker into 100.
Without the devotion of those players.
Japanese soccer wouldn't be where it is now.
Therefore. there will be no revolution.
So diamonds in the rough.
overwrite your consciousness.
In soccer. scoring a goal means
destroying the other team's structure.
Which makes a striker a destroyer.
The act of scoring is a revolution on the field.
where you wreck the other team's order.
Diamonds in the rough. do not let yourselves
get trapped in by the notion of roles!
Or you won't create one from zero.
Take up your weapon. strikers!
Identify it clearly.
Which weapon will you use to mess with the
other team. make them yield. and destroy them?
Think hard about what you can do
with your body and your mind!
It's always your weapon that kick-starts
this revolution known as scoring!
Victory can only exist
once you get beyond that.
A weapon...
That's the breakthrough we need
to win in this first selection.
A
Blue Lock. Additional Time!
Additional Time!
Blue Lock
A Day in
BLUE LOCK
Wake Up
Hey. Bachira. It's morning.
Bachira Meguru
Isagi Yoichi
Hey. pass... King Kazu...
Warm up & Training
Warm Up & Training
Kunigami Rensuke
That's the master of the
training room. Kunigami Kinnikun!
Team Training
Gah. leg cramp!
Igarashi Gurimu
Don't be ridiculous.
That's the fifth time today.
You're trying to skip.
No. it must be broken!
A full-body muscle strain and
compound fracture or something!
Lunch
Don't eat with your damn fingers! So gross!
Raichi Jingo
Use your chopsticks!
Okay.
Gagamaru Gin
Kuon Wataru
Let's get those hands clean. shall we?
Are you his mom?
Iemon Okuhito
Naruhaya Asahi
It's Mommy Kuon!
Free Time
What you up to. Chigiri?
Hair care.
Chigiri Hyoma
What you up to. Imamura?
Imamura Yudai
Skin care.
Bedtime
Is he... supposed to be sleeping?
Crazy posture.
I knew he didn't have a broken bone.
Lying brat.